Release 0.8.0 (#108)
nginxinc/nginx-prometheus-exporter: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

### 0.8.0

CHANGES:

> * [103](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-prometheus-exporter/pull/103): Move to non-root container. New distroless docker image and non-root user by default. Thanks to [Alex SZAKALY](https://github.com/alex1989hu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [103](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-prometheus-exporter/pull/103): Switch to `gcr.io/distroless/static` as a base image in the Dockerfile. Use a non-root user to run the exporter process by default. Thanks to [Alex SZAKALY](https://github.com/alex1989hu).
```
